# Flipkart-Amazon-Analysis
Project Title Product Review Analysis - FlipKart/Amazon Technologies Machine Learning &amp; NLP Domain FMCG   Problem Statement: Customer reviews &amp; feedback are crucial for any product in the market. Product reviews &amp; feedback from customers play a pivotal role in enriching the product's quality &amp; alongside meet the market expectations. It is easy for any seller to get reviews through one-one conversations with customers if the product is sold in offline stores, but it is difficult to retrieve &amp; analyse the same reviews if the same product is sold online. E-commerce is one of the booming industries &amp; is a one-stop destination for various sellers to market &amp; sell their products online to attract a larger market. Given a set of customer reviews of each category (camera, battery, display, value for money, performance) for a mobile that is live on an e-commerce platform like (Flipkart/Amazon. etc):  1) Categorize &amp; analyse the reviews to calculate the percentage of positive &amp; negative reviews. 2) Calculate the total rating on a scale of 5 for each category. 3)Create a Ranking table for each Mobile phone based on each category and overall ranking.  Approach: The classical machine learning tasks like Data Exploration, Data Cleaning, Feature Engineering, Model Building and Model Testing. Use Natural Language Processing for analysing the reviews.  Results: Develop a machine learning model to analyse &amp; calculate the percentage of positive &amp; negative reviews. Model should also result in a total rating score on a scale of 5. 
